INSPIRATION: 

Performing research into the Existential Hope community, 
its vision and values lead me to a couple of insights regarding this naming project:

First, Existential Hope perceives an acute need for radically imaginative and highly surprising solutions 
that pierce through the hopelessly paralyzing talk of doomsday

Second, "Eucatastrophe," though semantically and etymologically aligned with this vision, 
fails to sonically or emotionally convey this need for 
radically imaginative and highly surprising solution 
to existential predicaments.

Third, Because "Existential Hope" is itself a weighty term that already foists an Atlas-like burden upon its perceivers, 
the Existential Hope community could benefit from a contemporary, playful companion 
term that introduces the notion of this break from basic, zero-sum thinking, 
and the birth of revolutionary imaginative possibilities, 
less life and death, less lofty thanatos or eros, 
and more fun and funny and funatos 
(funatos, btw, is my freshly imagined neologism for the Freudian "fun drive"). 

TERM: 

Wagmic

Adjective
 
wag·​mic | \ ˈwa-jmik  \

variants: or less commonly wagmical \ ˈwa-​jmi-​kəl  \

Definition of Wagmic

Wagmic is a newly imagined adjectival form of the backronym WAGMI, 
a longstanding crypto trope of hope that stands for 
"we're all gonna make it." 

In this adjectival form, Wagmic's pronunciation mirrors that of tragic, 
but prompts the playful pronunciation ambiguity found in GIF.  

This playfully tragic resonance is intentional: 
it creates surprise associated with taking a crisis 
(which originally meant moment of choice and decisions) 
but has come to be identified only with its negative connotations 
and magically (wagmically) turns it into an opportunity.  

A wagmic moment sounds like a miraculously transubstantiated tragic moment! 

The term's etymology goes back, not to the legalistic latinate or philosophical greek, 
but the more sprightly fields of web3sy hashtagified hope.

It's also highly mimetic. #wagmic and #wagmicmoment make great hashtags. 
Its mnemonics build on an established and widespread meme for a simple anchor. 
And its magical idiomography provides fertile grounds for extension, composability, 
replication, and rappid dissemination. [Read: Thomas Mann-Worthy Wagmic Mountains of Engagement]
Members of the Existential Hope community will be able to speak and tweet and laugh about experiencing 
"wagmic moments" 
"waving wagmic wands" 
having the "wagmic touch," 
or perhaps taking 
"wagmic carpet rides" 
(in hopeful opposition to all those tragic ruggings)

#DropsWagmic 
